Add Git variables migration documentation (#1641)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/projects/version-control/index.md

---
title: Configuration as Code
description: Projects can be version-controlled as text in a Git repository 
position: 110 
hideInThisSection: true
---

## Introduction 

> The Configuration as Code (config-as-code) feature adds support for configuring Octopus projects to store project resources in a Git repository. For now, only the _deployment process_, _deployment setting_, and _non-sensitive variables_ can be version-controlled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Configuration as Code (config-as-code) feature adds support for configuring Octopus projects to store project resources in a Git repository. For now, only the _deployment process_, _deployment settings_, and _non-sensitive variables_ can be version-controlled.
```

> It was important to us that the Octopus UI remain fully functional for version-controlled projects, and it has. You can continue to use the UI exactly as you always have, but with an additional super-power: Git branches are now exposed in the UI, allowing editing currently supported project configuration on any branch via the UI. If you type the name of a branch that doesn't exist in your repository, you'll see an option to create that branch. This option is available when committing changes to your deployment process too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Octopus UI needed to remain fully functional for version-controlled projects, and it has. You can continue to use the UI exactly as you always have, but with an additional superpower: Git branches are now exposed in the UI, allowing editing of currently supported project configuration on any branch via the UI. If you type the name of a branch that doesn't exist in your repository, you'll see an option to create that branch. This option is available when committing changes to your deployment process too.
```

### What's next?

> We have some strong opinions on what's next. The latest release of config-as-code supports _deployment processes_, _deployment settings_ and _non-sensitive variables_.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have some strong opinions on what's next. The latest release of config-as-code supports _deployment processes_, _deployment settings_, and _non-sensitive variables_.  
```
